Adds option to change components path (#961)
github/view_component: docs/guide/generators.md

## Options

> ViewComponent uses `app/components` as folder for components, but you can change it by adding `config.view_component.view_component_path` into your applicaton config.

Reviewer: The markdown linter is complaining about a missing empty line.

```suggestion
ViewComponent uses `app/components` as folder for components, but you can change it by adding `config.view_component.view_component_path` into your applicaton config.

```

## Options

> ViewComponent uses `app/components` as folder for components, but you can change it by adding `config.view_component.view_component_path` into your applicaton config.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generated ViewComponents are added to `app/components` by default. Set `config.view_component.view_component_path` to use a different path.
```
